This is where that suspicious man lives...
I have to protect Fujimi!
Um... Takaoka Takaoka...
So hard... no doorplate
Hello there!
You came to play too?
No, no...
What are you doing?
- Ah! please save me... - Brother Takafumi!
- Hey, you're here
...Hmmm?
Then, let's go to your room.
I caught a really cute one the other day.
I took a video and uploaded it to the internet.
Oh, a cute one indeed!
Is your collection complete now?
Of course not!!!
I think it's just about time for the next one.
Fujimi...
Excuse me!
Oh, welcome!
Huh? Why is Sawa here?
Run! I'll buy you time, hurry up and run!
What are you talking about?
These guys are scumbags
who think of women as "collectables"!
I've only seen people like that in comic books!
Sawa, you're reading something awful.
Is your uncle home?
He's out for a bit.
Huh?
Fish?
It's an Obon Offering,
normally, it's eggplant or cucumber.
Hey, I hope uncle doesn't fly back!
Don't worry. I just raised a flag,
it's a spirit sign.
A flag? A spirit?
But if anyone finds out about his secret,
he can use Iculus Cuora.
I know!
but if he uses Iculus Cuora,
it can affect their personality!
We're running away, Fujimi!
Huh?
Sawa?
This cult is definitely dangerous!
W-W-Wait!
Uncle!
Huh?
I-I'm sorry, but don't turn
Fujimiya into a cultist, please!
A cultist?
You're exaggerating.
Did you see it on the internet?
It's all lies.
It's safe.
That's not how SEGA works.
Geez!
That talk... it's just like one of those pyramid schemes.
YouTuber?
I see. I thought you were in a cult.
What's that?
Takafumi's uncle is strange, but he's a good person.
But why is Fujimi here?
Well, that's...
Hey, Chippu-peppa!
It's me, ojisan-man!
It's definitely popular. You can use it.
Oh, ojisan-man sounds great,
but if a 35-year-old man does it...
I see.
-Fujimi. -Huh?
I want some coffee.
I'll go get it.
So, she's after Takafumi.
Then I have to check.
-Takafumi-kun. -Huh?
Hey, wanna see a picture of me and Fujimi on a trip?
Okay, I got it.
Hey, it's close!
Let's sit down. Let's sit down for now.
What do you think?
If you're just staring at her chest,
then you are a scumbag.
This guy has no shame!
Who's this guy?
I don't know.
A clerk?
Oh, I see.
Then what about this picture?
Why me?
Who's this guy?
What? Am I invisible?
Hmm...
Takafumi, you were in elementary school?
What was Fujimi like in the past?
She was a bit cooler.
Well, she hasn't changed much.
I see.
She looked like the current Chiaki.
Oh, that cute little brother?
We haven't seen each other for over two years.
He's over there.
So, are you ready to take THAT video?
It's okay. I won't upload it online.
You're already taking it?
Yeah.
What are you doing, Fujimi?
What?
Now I know,
he's interested in women after all.
That's my picture!
Takafumi?
Sawa, you were talking about Fujimi childhood, right?
Did you meet her in high school?
Y-Yes.
Iculus Elran.
Fujimi from elementary school was...
Huh? This is...
What's going on?
Uncle! Uncle!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Oh.
Spirit of memory,
fade away their memories...
Chiaki, run!
Huh?
Fuji, what was that?
Huh? that... was a Sonny's console.
Sonny didn't make that.
They did! now, just leave.
Ojisan...
Please stop erasing memories.
Sorry.
I remember being scolded for erasing memories
in the other world.
Huh? When?
That was...
Oh, right. At the hot spring.
A hot spring...
The one you went to with Elf
after you stopped being the Demon Dragon?
Yeah.
What? What are hot springs like in the other world?
Do we get fan-service?
I'll ask.
Let's see...
It doesn't seem like that's the case.
The spirit of memory optimizes the camera angle to suit the viewer.
It seems that baths are considered to be private.
That's so advanced...
How attentive.
Iculus Elran.
Huh?
Elf?
Elfs are female, so there's no footage.
That's a long bath.
It's been a month, so it should be long.
About 20 minutes left?
Hurry up!
Oh, 20 minutes...
A yukata?
Why?
Huh? Why?
Well, it's not a rewind...
A rewind!
Either way is fine, so hurry up!
What was that?
Armor's removal is secret magical technique
of the Elgar royal family.
Royal family, huh?
What? Are you changing your attitude now?
I like Garfie's Varga from Guardian Heroes
because the motion of Graviton Thunder and Zero Drive Illusion is super cool,
not because he was royalty.
You're you.
Yeah.
The hot spring's far away.
We're almost there.
We're here. This is it.
Japanese?
A inn? Why?
You know the Japanese Bahamaru language?
As Mabel said, you really are a transfer.
Japanese Bahamaru...
The person who built this inn was a transfer from 20 years ago's Japanese Bahamaru.
What?!
There's another transfer besides the
ancestors of Mabel and uncle?
Is... he here?
Murayama, the person who was from Grand
Bahamaru, 20 years ago,
stayed only for 10 days.
Where did Murayama go?
He was 88 years old, he died.
I see.
"Purgatory waters"
You really can read it.
What does purgatory mean?
To put it simply
it's a world where you purify yourself
before you go to the world beyond death.
In other words, he recognized this world as such.
You knew about it, uncle!
Yeah, it's amazing!
Yeah, the 90s were full of difficult words.
I learned purgatory from the "The Evil King's Prologue to Purgatory."
"The Evil King's Prologue to Purgatory"?
Hello, there.
I'm Grandstone, the leader of the purgatory.
You seem to know a lot about Sendai.
Yeah, the transfer story is popular in the country, but...
It's a real shame that only one person, Shojiro, built this inn.
Oh...
I've heard rumors that he brought the inn from Japan Bahamaru.
That's not true.
If a person from another world dies, what that person brought will disappear
When Sendai took his last breath,
his clothes and body disappeared right in front of my eyes.
Oh, the new truth!
It's the same as the record of the knights of the Toshin-ken.
It is said that the transfer from another world can be given one power from God.
That is, the ability to freely operate material from living things.
And he used the power of the knights to build this inn.
Uncle, are you organizing your inventory?
They're talking about something really important.
In action games, there are times when you can't skip a long demo part.
In the meantime, doing something else is engraved in your body.
That's why.
...but this's the story of the game.
...an important event to learn the mystery of the world.
Ork, let's go.
Are the three of you managing the hot springs, alone?
Our services won't disappoint you, Mr.
I wonder if Mr. Murayama got treated like this.
By the way, old man, you're a bit rough with older people in another world, right?
Oh, that's true. You're also polite to young shopkeepers.
It's something you return
only when you are recognized as a person by others.
What an intimidating presence.
Well, being polite got him sold for three coppers.
A night at the inn will cost you 400,000 pieces for two people.
400,000 pieces? Isn't this a scam?!
It's about 40,000 yen for a Japanese-yen coin.
There are also high-priced coins.
Oh, what?
Then, uncle's value when he got sold was...
30 cents.
Cents?!!!
Not even a yen.
So, here it is.
It felt good to take a bath.
End it soon!
That yukata looks nice on you.
Right?
The knight's flag 400 years ago had a kikata on it.
Oh, you even have a book about it.
It's called kimono, right?
But it feels a little breezy.
Oh, it's there.
I see. Then my room is...
Where are you going?
It's here too!
Why?
It's... it's the only one available.
-Really? -Really
But, it feels empty, other than us
The inn was designed to keep guests away from other guests.
I don't like the idea, but it can't be helped.
You don't like it?
There's only one other group of guests today,
so I'll... prepare another room...
Come on.
Let's go in.
The kid...
You don't take care of your public image anymore, Tsundere-san.
The futon is on the floor.
That's right!
Tatami.
This is tatami, right?
It smells unique.
Do you miss it?
No. My room had a floor and a bed, so not that much.
Bye.
What's with this space?
What is this space?
It's a mystery space!
I can't believe you're in the same room.
I'll sleep here, so you can use it all.
Bye.
What?
I've been looking for him for a month.
Stupid ork-face.
Are you tired?
Hey!
Your legs are really tense.
I was looking for you.
What are you doing?
A massage would help you with that, especially after a bath.
I'm grateful to you.
If it weren't for your warm heart,
I might not have been able to return
from being a dragon.
Ouch!
What?
Don't run away.
Pressure hurts because you're tense.
It's my fault, so you have to loosen it.
Ready...
It feels good! It feels good!
That's enough!
You idiot ork!
What are you doing?
I'm the one who's going to...
This is bad!
I'm scared!
It's heavy. Get off me.
Ork-face?
W-What?
Stop!
Are you okay with going forward?
Isn't this bad?
There's nothing bad about it.
But...
Can you hear me...
Great Spirit of Memories?
Everyone is an adult here.
Forget the censorship, it's okay to be rough.
Tomorrow, we can pretend this never happened.
I'm counting on you.
Fujimiya...
I'm going to resume.
Regsurd Stagga.
Stagga Magnum.
What are you guys doing?
Alicia...
Alicia wanted to peek.
W-W-Wait! I just said I was curious.
A hero's first move?
The other group of guests were Alicia and the others?
Kuroki, I'm sorry.
Kuroki, huh?
I'm sorry!
I was wondering what kind of relationship you two have.
What kind of relationship do you think we have?
That's...
*WHISPERS*
Oh, I see.
I'm in trouble.
So easy.
I'm glad. So easy.
A hero?
You?
Here. This is for defeating the Hedgehog.
I see.
Check if it's enough.
It's fine.
No it isn't!
It's okay to trust others like that.
But naive trust could...
You're the ones I trusted.
Not others.
For a moment you sounded so cool Edgar!
Shut up, Madness Berserker.
Then you two are...
Hero, I won't tell you the details,
but this ring is a gift from that ork-face.
Without context!
She took off the most important details intentionally!
You didn't get a ring from him, did you?
What?
O-Of course not!
There is no way Kuroki sees me that way.
You two.
Have you been escorting the hero for long?
Yeah, kind of.
So, who do you think will win the hero's heart?
Elf-san!
I guess you'll have to decide with a duel.
Wait! ...eh!
What?
No.
I have the right to choose.
I knew it, but you're so mean!
Are childhood friends that weak?
So, what are you doing in the mountains?
We're training.
The Shinan Labyrinth was a painful reminder that we need to get stronger.
The Shinan Labyrinth?
Speaking of which, thank you so much for this!
The Wand of Salvation?!
But... the legend says that the color of the Wand is dark like the night.
I painted it.
Now looks cute.
It's an ancient magic tool.
It's lost its magic.
That Moonlight Stone is nowhere to be found.
I want you to understand how important this is.
What were you training?
Huh?
It's a skill, of course.
You guys fight with the power of the spirit and the gods, right?
We use our physical abilities to refine our skills.
A special skill?
I want to see it.
It's a pain in the ass.
Please show me.
What are you talking about?
Iculus Elran.
Here comes Kuroki's weird magic.
Wow, something's coming out.
It's a fighting game.
What are you looking at?
This scabbard!
Yeah, it was thrown away, so I used it as a laundry host.
Even if it's just a sword scabbard.
This is it!
Where is that place?
The top of the northern mountain.
Huh? Are you going there right now?
It's pretty far.
Hero.
Don't let them get in your way.
What?
Um, why did Elf left so suddenly?
She found an ancient magic tool.
An ancient magic tool?
It's an ancient magic weapon.
Elves value ancient culture, so they collect it.
Hey, Kuroki, should we let her go alone?
Elf should be fine, I trust in her.
Anyway, is this inn safe against monsters?
The owner of the inn said that it was built with the power of the gods.
Unless you can imitate it...
It smells like something is burning.
The End